Updating more nav for UI Refresh project (#2018)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Git/managed-repo.md

id: managed-repo
---

> We can send your managed repository through a zip file in its current state for you to push up to a git provider. After that, you'd just need to switch over the repo in your [Project](/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/cloud-import-a-project-by-git-url) to point to the new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs can send your managed repository through a ZIP file in its current state for you to push up to a git provider. After that, you'd just need to switch over to the repo in your [Project](/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/cloud-import-a-project-by-git-url) to point to the new repository.
```

Reviewer: suggs:
- The "we" in the FAQ question is a different than the "we" in the sentence. This is a bit ambiguous and can make it harder to translate.
- Proper noun vs colloquialism. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZIP_(file_format)

> When you're ready to do this, email our Support team at support@getdbt.com with your request and your managed repo URL, which you can find by navigating to your project setting. To find project settings, click the gear icon to the top right, select **Account settings**, click **Projects**, and then select your project. Under "Repositories" in the project details page, you will find your managed repo URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're ready to do this, [contact the dbt Labs Support team](mailto:support@getdbt.com) with your request and your managed repo URL, which you can find by navigating to your project setting. To find project settings, click the gear icon in the upper right, select **Account settings**, click **Projects**, and then select your project. Under **Repository** in the project details page, you can find your managed repo URL.
```

Reviewer: suggs: 
- use Markdown's mailto link for conciseness
- style guide for UI location: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#location-of-ui-elements 
- style guide for UI labels/text: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#ui-text 

note that i'm aligning my suggs to the Docs Account in dbt Cloud. screenshot of what i see there: 

![Screen Shot 2022-09-19 at 10 16 46 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107218380/191075846-57ec30e0-a969-4c4f-8b65-581783b7aa39.png)
